on the Friday before the may bank
holiday sea kayaking enthusiasts from
around the world are congregating at the
paddlers return bar in readiness for the
immensely popular angle CC symposium
many of the newcomers who come to the
anglesey symposium are often worried
about public realm of static sounds
perfect the trip from port director
soldiers point is a conversation piece
for good reason having negotiated the
jagged headland and over for Penn Romero
you will be committed for the rest of
this awe-inspiring journey around south
and north stack and beneath the famous
cliffs of go Garth a symposium is an
ideal opportunity to get some local
knowledge from the experts you've got
the main races north-south stat just be
careful again going to them it's easier
things go wrong they will escalate on an
appetite race and you'll get washed out
to sea I tend to watch my back at Penn
room are really because it's it's quite
an imposing place to be dug up a cross
there some lovely cases of say again
geez watch out this well for you Perry
kalinowski is quite an interesting place
to stop notice now and again you've got
to keep an eye out for that big swell
that comes another ferry
the GUI that runs between the main
cliffs and South stack lead through to
go Goff Bay strong currents swell and
sharp rocks can make conditions quite
challenging here
Oh
this is the year the cave that runs
north out of them Parliament House cave
let's go see what's in here that's a
pretty amazing view out there just
looking straight out across the Holy
headbang actually quite a breeze through
here North stack is only just round the
corner from Parliament House cave and
marks the northern end of go Garth bay
from here a gentler coastline leaves the
last couple of kilometres to soldiers
point
after a hard day's paddling it's time to
get back to the center for a hot cup of
coffee or maybe even a cold beer